## Monday, August 29, 2016

### General Notes
- Probably divided into eight teams (maybe nine)  
- There's over forty of us in the class
- Every team working on different project  
- First 2-2.5 weeks of the class is picking projects and forming teams  
- No class on Friday except for the first couple weeks (unless your group decides to have the group meeting on Fridays)  
- The professor and the group must be present for the group meetings

### What is a Project?
> A planned set of interrelated tasks to be executed over a fixed period of time within certain costs and other limitations

### Answers
- The project begins when your team is formed
- The project ends in April 2016
- There is a major milestone in early December to the Advisory Board (a good chunk of our grade is defined by the Advisory Board grading)
- We will be grading each teammate at the end of the month to account for slackers, etc.

### Requirements
- PowerPoints no longer absolutely required, but we need to use team tools that allow us to have and show a "critical" path so that we can have the core of the project done well before April

### Definitions
> None of these definitions are "set in concrete"

- **Artifact** Something tangible to explain the project (documentation, UML diagrams, use cases, etc.)
- **Deliverable** Some kind of working system
- **System** A set of interacting parts
- **Service** A group of systems working together to form a product that users want to use
- **Product** An arbitrary organization of services that someone is willing to pay for

### Questions for Any Project
- What is risk?
- What is success?
- What is failure?
- What are the biggest risks to project success?
- What are the biggest risks to system success?
- Why to projects fail?
- Can a project succeed and yet the system fail?
- How do you identify risk?
- How do you decide which risks are worth worrying about?
- How do you mitigate risk?
- How much does mitigating a risk cost?
