## Monday, September 12, 2016

### General Notes
Always email the TA and CC the professor if there's a problem with the class

- `Plain Storage` Data that is stored directly where the row memory is (fixed row width)
- `Extended Storage` Referencing stored data via pointers

### Possible Quiz Questions
What is a table?  
The physical representation of the concept of a relation

What is a tuple?  
A data structure consisting of multiple parts

What is a column?  
A attribute of a data structure

What is the domain of an attribute?  
All possible values

What are some characteristics of a table?  

- The order of rows or tuples is immaterial  
- The order of the columns does matter
- Each row must be unique
- A cell contains only one value
- Columns have distinct name

What is the extension of a relation?  
A table with all its rows written out (the actual data in a row)

What is the intension of a relation?  
The structure of a table (the schema)

What is the degree of a relation?  
The number of columns or attributes

What is the cardinality relation?  
The number of rows

What is a superkey?  
A set of attributes that uniquely identify a row/tuple in the database

What is a candidate key?  
A unique key that has all of its attributes required to uniquely identify a row

What is a primary key?  
The candidate key you choose to use

What is a foreign key?  
A primary key from a different table

What are domain constraints?  
Constraints on the set of values allowed for an attribute
